Add Namada ChainEndpoint (#3705)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/features/3705-support-namada.md

> - Add support for packet relay between Namada and Cosmos-base chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for relaying between Namada and CosmosSDK-based chains.
```
